teamwork Tag changes (#11071)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/teamworktag-update.md

---
title: "Update teamworkTag"
description: "Update the properties of a teamworkTag object."
author: "rasikadhumal"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-teams"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update teamworkTag
Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Update the name of a tag in the team. Update the properties of a [teamworkTag](../resources/teamworktag.md) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update an existing [teamworkTag](../resources/teamworktag.md) in a team.
```
